Update apikit-tutorial.adoc to include alt text in images (#78)
mulesoft/docs-apikit: modules/ROOT/pages/apikit-tutorial.adoc

+
. Check Add APIkit Components. In the RAML File field, browse to and select the downloaded `api.raml` file.
+

> image::apikit-tutorial-3e0e4.png[height=633,width=600][alt=New Mule Project window for project setting to select .raml file.]

Reviewer: I don't think it's necessary to put the alt=. I think you can just put the text. But it also probably doesn't hurt anything to leave it. You can ask Fer what he thinks. He knows more about asciidoc than I do.

Author: Fer included some alt text in this form some days ago.

Reviewer 2: Good question @valkyrie69 
The [asciidoctor documentation](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/macros/images/) says that the alt text can be entered without the `alt=` attribute declaration. 
I'm OK with that. I personally think it's cleaner to declare the attribute, just in case it conflicts with other attributes, but we rarely use any other attributes in the `image::` macro.

> image::apikit-tutorial-3e0e4.png[height=633,width=600][alt=New Mule Project window for project setting to select .raml file.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::apikit-tutorial-3e0e4.png[height=633,width=600][alt=Project Settings for a New Mule Project, including Project Name, Runtime, Maven Settings, Version Control System Support, APIkit Settings, and API Definition.]
```

Reviewer: This is an example of how NOT to use a screenshot. Basically, the screenshot is being used to replace text, which is why the alt text needs to be more detailed. This was probably written by a developer... They love using screenshots instead of writing.

> image::apikit-tutorial-3e0e4.png[height=633,width=600][alt=Project Settings for a New Mule Project, including Project Name, Runtime, Maven Settings, Version Control System Support, APIkit Settings, and API Definition.]

Reviewer 2: Careful here. All attributes for an image must be enclosed within the same brackets `[` `]`. Otherwise it produces a broken syntax:

`<img src="_images/apikit-tutorial-3e0e4.png" alt="apikit tutorial 3e0e4" width="600][alt=Project Settings for a New Mule Project" height="including Project Name">`

```suggestion
image::apikit-tutorial-3e0e4.png["Project Settings for a New Mule Project, including Project Name, Runtime, Maven Settings, Version Control System Support, APIkit Settings, and API Definition.",height=633,width=600]
```
Based on the [Asciidoctor documentation](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/macros/images/), it's not necessary to declare the 'alt' attribute, but it must be the first attribute you add. Also, if the alt text has commas, you must enclose it in `"`.

+
The APIkit Console appears below the canvas, displaying the resource-action pairs exposed by the API.
+

> image::apikitconsole-tutorial.png[alt=Remove Vending API example.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::apikitconsole-tutorial.png[alt=Resource action pairs exposed by the Remote Vending API example.]
```

+
The baseURI is optional in a RAML-backed API, but required by the API Console Try It functionality; otherwise, Try-it is disabled.
+

> image::fv-601.png[alt=Example displaying the try-it disabled because baseURI is not present.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::fv-601.png[alt=Example of the Try-it feature being disabled because baseURI is not present.]
```
